README.md, before:

<img width="75px" height="75px" align="right" alt="Monet Logo" src="https://github.com/mosaicnetworks/monetd/raw/master/docs/assets/monet_logo.png" title="Monet CLI"/>

# Monet CLI

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/monetcli.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/monetcli)

A CLI wallet to interact with the Monet Hub.

## Table of Contents

1. [Overview](#overview)
2. [Installation](#installation)
3. [Data Directory](#data-directory)
4. [Proof of Authority](#proof-of-authority)

## Overview

This is a wrapper around [`evm-lite-cli`](https://github.com/mosaicnetworks/evm-lite-cli).

Any Monet Hub specific commands will be implemented here. It is advised to use this CLI to interact with a [`monetd`](https://github.com/mosaicnetworks/monetd) instance as some functionality may not be accessible through `evm-lite-cli`

You can read more `monetd` and how to get started in the documentation [here](https://monetd.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html).

## Installation

You can easily install `monetcli` with NPM

```bash
npm install -g monetcli
```

or with `yarn`

```bash
yarn global add monetcli
```

## Data Directory

Monet CLI creates a special directory in a default location (specific to `OS`), where it stores any relevant information.

The locations are:

-   Linux: `~/.monet`
-   Mac OS: `~/Library/MONET`
-   Windows: `~/AppData/Roaming/MONET`

In particular, `monetcli` creates the following:

-   **monetcli.toml**: where global options are specified (these values can be
    updated by `monetcli config` command)

    ```toml
    [connection]
    host = "127.0.0.1"
    port = 8000

    [defaults]
    from = "moniker"
    gas = 1000000000000
    gasPrice = 0
    ```

-   **keystore**: where all encrypted account keys are stored

_This directory is shared by `monetd`._

### Configuration

To change default configuration values `run` monetcli config set -i or `monetcli c s -i`.

You will be
taken to an interactive prompt to change connection and default values.

```console
$ monetcli config set -i

? Host: 127.0.0.1
? Port: 8000
? From: moniker
? Gas: 1000000000000
? Gas Price: 0
```

## Proof of Authority

The Monet Hub uses Proof of Authority with [EVM-Lite](https://github.com/mosaicnetworks/evm-lite) and [Babble](https://github.com/mosaicnetworks/babble).

A [Proof of Authority Document](docs/poa.md) demonstrating the addition of a node is available.

Commit message:

update: Added example keystore README

README.md, after:

<img width="75px" height="75px" align="right" alt="Monet Logo" src="https://github.com/mosaicnetworks/monetd/raw/master/docs/assets/monet_logo.png" title="Monet CLI"/>

# Monet CLI

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/monetcli.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/monetcli)

A CLI wallet to interact with the Monet Hub.

## Table of Contents

1. [Overview](#overview)
2. [Installation](#installation)
3. [Data Directory](#data-directory)
4. [Proof of Authority](#proof-of-authority)

## Overview

This is a wrapper around [`evm-lite-cli`](https://github.com/mosaicnetworks/evm-lite-cli).

Any Monet Hub specific commands will be implemented here. It is advised to use this CLI to interact with a [`monetd`](https://github.com/mosaicnetworks/monetd) instance as some functionality may not be accessible through `evm-lite-cli`

You can read more about `monetd` and how to get started in the documentation [here](https://monetd.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html).

## Installation

You can easily install `monetcli` with NPM

```bash
npm install -g monetcli
```

or with `yarn`

```bash
yarn global add monetcli
```

## Data Directory

Monet CLI creates a special directory in a default location (specific to `OS`), where it stores any relevant information.

The locations are:

-   Linux: `~/.monet`
-   Mac OS: `~/Library/MONET`
-   Windows: `~/AppData/Roaming/MONET`

In particular, `monetcli` creates the following:

-   **monetcli.toml**: where global options are specified (these values can be
    updated by `monetcli config` command)

    ```toml
    [connection]
    host = "127.0.0.1"
    port = 8000

    [defaults]
    from = "moniker"
    gas = 1000000000000
    gasPrice = 0
    ```

-   **keystore**: where all encrypted account keys are stored
    ```console
    .
    ├── monetcli.toml
    ├── keystore
    │   ├── node0.json
    │   ├── node1.json
    │   ├── node2.json
    │   └── node3.json
    └── ...
    ```

_This directory is shared by `monetd`._

### Configuration

To change default configuration values run

```
monetcli config set -i
```

You will be taken to an interactive prompt to change connection and default values.

```console
$ monetcli config set -i

? Host: 127.0.0.1
? Port: 8000
? From: moniker
? Gas: 1000000000000
? Gas Price: 0
```

## Proof of Authority

The Monet Hub uses Proof of Authority with [EVM-Lite](https://github.com/mosaicnetworks/evm-lite) and [Babble](https://github.com/mosaicnetworks/babble).

A [Proof of Authority Document](docs/poa.md) demonstrating the addition of a node is available.
